BGP border gateway protocol is now a topic on the DNA exam.
You need to learn BGP for your CCMA exam on the exam topics.
We can do a search for BGP and in the list of topics we have configure and verify single whom's branch
can activity using BGP IP version 4.
This is limited to pairing and routed Vota spent using the network command only BGP is an exterior gateway
protocol or aegypti that is different to protocols such as E.I. GOP always P.F. which are IGP is also
called internal gateway protocols Steria gateway protocols such as BGP are used between autonomous systems
whereas IGP are used within autonomous systems BGP is used on the Internet.
They are two versions of BGP BGP and BGP.
GP is the focus of the CCN a course e BGP runs between autonomy systems and IBG can be used within an
autonomy system in a similar way to OSPF or E-I GOP BGP is a very large topic and you can spend many
hours and many days studying BGP BGP.
However for the CCMA is limited to this use case.
In other words it's a basic introduction to BGP but you need to learn the basics of BGP and there are
a few things that you need to be aware of which can trip you up or cause you problems in the exam.
So make sure that you can both configure and do some troubleshooting with BGP.